“We cannot solve problems with the kind of thinking we employed when we came up with them.”
“Learn as if you will live forever, live like you will die tomorrow.”
“When you change your thoughts, remember to also change your world.”
"Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts."
"It is better to fail in originality than to succeed in imitation."
“Success usually comes to those who are too busy looking for it.”
“The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty."
“Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today.”
“You learn more from failure than from success. Don’t let it stop you. Failure builds character.”
“If you are working on something that you really care about, you don’t have to be pushed. The vision pulls you.”
“When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.”
“I’m a greater believer in luck, and I find the harder I work the more I have of it.”
“Either you run the day or the day runs you.”
“Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another stepping stone to greatness."
“You've got to get up every morning with determination if you're going to go to bed with satisfaction.”
“Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.”
“The elevator to success is out of order. You’ll have to use the stairs, one step at a time.”
“Be a positive energy trampoline – absorb what you need and rebound more back.” 
“Work until your bank account looks like a phone number.”
“Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success.”
“Alone we can do so little, together we can do so much.”
“Just one small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day.”
“Opportunities don't happen, you create them.”
“It is never too late to be what you might have been.”
“Don't let someone else's opinion of you become your reality”
“If you’re not positive energy, you’re negative energy.”
“I am not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.”
"You cannot plow a field by turning it over in your mind. To begin, begin." 
“Mondays are the start of the work week which offer new beginnings 52 times a year!“
“You can get everything in life you want if you will just help enough other people get what they want.”
“If you believe something needs to exist, if it's something you want to use yourself, don't let anyone ever stop you from doing it.”
“I have stood on a mountain of no’s for one yes.”
“True freedom is impossible without a mind made free by discipline.”
 “Small is not just a stepping-stone. Small is a great destination itself.”
 “Set your goals high, and don’t stop till you get there.”
 “What you do speaks so loudly that I cannot hear what you say.”
 “Life is like riding a bicycle. To keep your balance you must keep moving.”
 “I have never let my schooling interfere with my education.”
 “Be sure you put your feet in the right place, then stand firm.”
 “Live out of your imagination, not your history.”
 “The greater the difficulty, the more the glory in surmounting it.”
 “The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible.”
 "A year from now you will wish you had started today."
 “I do not try to dance better than anyone else. I only try to dance better than myself.”
 “If you don’t risk anything, you risk even more.”
 “It's fine to celebrate success but it is more important to heed the lessons of failure.”
 “Our greatest glory is not in never falling, but in rising every time we fall.”
 “Failure is simply the opportunity to begin again, this time more intelligently.”
 “You cannot always control what goes on outside. But you can always control what goes on inside.”
 “We are what we repeatedly do. Excellence, then, is not an act, but a habit.”
 “Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can.”
 “Hustle beats talent when talent doesn’t hustle”
 “Every strike brings me closer to the next home run.” 
 “Don’t worry about failure; you only have to be right once.” 
 “Ideation without execution is delusion.”
 “Resilience is when you address uncertainty with flexibility.”
 “It’s not the will to win that matters—everyone has that. It’s the will to prepare to win that matters.”
 “True humility is not thinking less of yourself; it is thinking of yourself less.”
 “The two most important days in your life are the day you’re born and the day you find out why.”
 “The best way out is always through.”
 “If there is no struggle, there is no progress.”
 “Keep a little fire burning; however small, however hidden.”
 “Success is stumbling from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm.” 
 